{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red132\green143\blue143;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24140\viewh14280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs72 \cf0 Hole 1\
Enumerate from 0 to 100,000. If the number is equal the the year of your birth times the day of your birth, start another enumeration counting down to 0 from that number. When you hit the month your birth, break both enumerations and print done.\
\
Hole 2\
Make a random 6 digit number. Randomize it twice again. Divide it by two until the number is less than or equal to 26. Take this new number and determine the letter in the alphabet it represents. Print the letter. (Make sure 3=c 4=d, etc) Run the program until you spell a word.\
\
Hole 3\
Turn the background red. Flip a coin. Make a circle that\'92s 10,10 in size, and start it at roughly 5,30 on screen. Color it black or white based on the coin. add it to the screen, then make another with a slight delay between each circle being added (flipping to coin each time). Repeat horizontally until you get to the edge of the screen. Start a new line. Make sure the spacing is even. Fill the screen with circles (none hanging off-screen). Once complete, animate each circle to fade to the color green & transparent over a random amount of time below 10 seconds. remove all circles.\
\
Hole 4\
You find a dollar worth the value of Pi. You invest that dollar into a savings account. Each year, it doubles it\'92s value, compounded annually. If your do this for the time you\'92ve been alive, how much money do you have (rounded to the dollar)? If you invest that money by feeding 3 meals @ $4/meal per day, how many kids can you feed in a year? Print the amount a kids.\
\
Hole 5\
Flip a coin until you get at least 5 heads in a row. For each heads, print the word \'93heads\'94. Then print the total number of flips it took. If the program gets it in less than 10 flips, go to next hole, else restart.\
\
Hole 6 \
Make a random number between 0-10. If it\'92s 1 2 3, restart. If it\'92s 4 or 5, print \'93fizz\'94, if it\'92s 6-9 then go to next hole, if it\'92s 10, drinks are on me. Zero should restart.\
\
Hole 7 \
Create an array of 10 random numbers under 1000, sort the array from smallest to biggest. \
Print out the ordered array. \
\
Hole 8\
Make a string
\fs48  \CocoaLigature0 @"The quick brown fox jumps swiftly jumps over the log";
\f1\fs26 \cf2  
\f0\fs72 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 Separate each word into an array. Shuffle the array. Print out the new array as a string.\
\
Hole 9 \
Make a random 5 digit number. Determine if it is a prime number. Restart until until you find a prime number. BONUS: Print all the prime numbers under 1 million.}